Update sap-successfactors-connector-reference.adoc (#2179)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sap-successfactors/4.1/modules/ROOT/pages/sap-successfactors-connector-reference.adoc

* <<ToLowercase>>
* <<ToUppercase>>
* <<Trim>> | Filters to apply to the query. |  |
| Order By Values a| Array of <<OrderByValue>> | Which fields the query is ordered by and their direction.  |  |
| Select a| String |  Specifies that a response from an OData service should return a subset of the properties. |  |
| Expand a| String | The `$expand` parameter indicates a comma-separated list of Navigation Properties. |  |
| Page Size a| Number | Chunk size of each query page. |  100 |
| Top a| Number | Maximum amount of records to retrieve. |  |
| Skip a| Number | Amount of records to skip before retrieving records. |  |
| Pagination Type a| Enumeration, one of:

** CLIENT
** CURSOR
** SNAPSHOT a|  Pagination type used by the *Query* operation:

* `CLIENT`
+
Uses query options on the client side to create an offset that restricts the amount of data returned from the server.

* `CURSOR`
+
Maintains a database cursor on the server throughout pagination HTTP requests. The `CURSOR` pagination type does not support `$orderby`.

* `SNAPSHOT`
+

> Is a server-side pagination that works by keeping a list of all business keys of the data set on the server. The `SNAPSHOT` pagination type does not support `$top` or `$skip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is a server-side pagination that works by keeping a list of all business keys of the dataset on the server. The `SNAPSHOT` pagination type does not support `$top` or `$skip`.
```

Reviewer: I checked the style guide about "data set" vs "dataset."
